All right, so we've done a lot in this section, so we started by looking at the book detail so users
can go to details and see exactly the book that, if clicked, the book that if search for, let's say,
baking right and they can search books and go and they can see the details of that book.
And most importantly, we also able to create ways in which we can retrieve books from our review model.
We looked at produce state in order to produce this state inside of our composable so we can get the
information from our review model.
So we really do a lot of things here, OK?
And we culminated the whole section with being able to save a book into our database.
So now we're able to go and say, save this book and we can go back.
Of course we see nothing.
But if you go back to our database refresh, we are able to see that indeed, we save this book, this
new book.
I think this is the one.
No, that's not the one.
James Ferguson dishes, right?
So this is the one we just save now, which is about baking.
OK.
So this is real good.
So now what do we need to do is to be able to, of course, when we save something, all the books that
we've saved, we want to be able to go back home and see, of course, the list of those books, right,
at least in the reading list, because we add the book, we want to put them in this category until,
of course, they click this category, book here.
And then we change the status of the book.
Then they're going to be in the Reading Now section.
OK, so we're getting there.
Our app is close to being done.
We still have a little bit more work to do, which we are going to continue in the next session.